#3305 Update doc example code (#3404)
pypa/setuptools: docs/userguide/pyproject_config.rst

   name = "my_package"
   description = "My package description"
   readme = "README.rst"

>    requires-python = ">3.5.2"

Reviewer: Let's make it slightly more modern:

```suggestion
   requires-python = ">=3.7"
```

   [project.scripts]
   my-script = "my_package.module:function"

>    # ... other project metadata fields as specified in PEP 621

Reviewer: The `pyproject.toml` standard is a live standard, so I think it is better if we add the up-to-date field.

```suggestion
   # ... other project metadata fields as specified in:
   #     https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/declaring-project-metadata/
```
